feat(docs/client): :memo: Add development environment setup tutorial (#128)
wuespace/telestion-docs: docs/client/tutorials/tutorial.mdx

Example with npm articles:
- "npm": (Concept, explaining what npm is)
- "Installing a dependency with npm" (Tutorial, providing a quick tutorial to
  solve a technical problem)
- "Managing dependencies with npm" (Guide, including both technical knowledge, but
  also best practices and more)

=== Writing tips:
- Write in the present tense
- Use neutral pronouns (they/them instead of he/she and him/her)
- Be respectful to everyone
- Be aware of the potential for cultural misunderstandings
- Provide explanations for what you do, but focus on the step-by-step guide
  without deeply explaining every technical decision and why it's best prcatice
  to do so (you can describe best practices in a guide, a tutorial must focus on
  keeping the "step by step" flow going)
-->

<!-- Relevant imports: -->

import { Reference, Image } from '/components';

<!-- Short description of what the article covers: -->

In this tutorial, we install the telstion-client-cli and generate a new telestion-client project.

:::info Prerequisites

To complete this tutorial, you should be familiar with basic terminal commands.

:::

## What we'll build

> The result is a project-structure to begin to customize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result is a project structure that you can immediately begin to customize.
```

## Step 1: Installing `tc-cli`

> Install the tc-cli by copying the following code into the terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the `tc-cli` by running the following command in your terminal:
```

```sh
npm install --global @wuespace/telestion-client-cli
```

> This installs the cli, which you can call using the `tc-cli` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This installs the CLI, which you can call using the `tc-cli` command.
```

## Step 2: Initializing the project

This step initializes the project.

> Open the terminal where you want to generate the project and execute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the terminal where you want to generate the project and run
```

```sh
tc-cli init myproject
```

> Replace myproject with your own foulder name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `myproject` with your own foulder name.
```

> This generates a foulder that contains a ready to use client project and installs all necessary dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This generates a folder that contains a ready-to-use client project and installs all necessary dependencies.
```

:::info Windows execution policies

> On Windows machines you might get an error message that is about execution policies.
> In this case run the power shell as administrator and use this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows machines, you might get an error message that is about execution policies.
In this case, run the power shell as administrator and use this command:
```

```sh
Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope CurrentUser
```

Restart your other terminal and re-run the `tc-cli` command.

:::

## Step 3: Run the client

> Run the client by navigating into your foulder and use the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the client by navigating into your folder and run
```

```sh
npm start
```

:::tip 

This runs `tc-cli start --electron` in the background.

:::

An electron window opens and you can see your application.

## Next steps

<!-- Short concluding sentence: -->

> Now that we've generated our client project, we'll configure and extend our client in the next tutorials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we've generated our client project, we'll configure and extend our client in the following tutorials.
```
